he's my thoughts on the Chinese
slingshot this is a scorpion slingshot
first of all the bands that comes with
it for these my opinion a pouch is too
big way too big
pouches 25 millimeters by 18 millimeters
now to shoot ammo you want putting it
over there steel balls for it to be
comfortable in us now being shooting
nine point five millimeter steel balls
and with this slingshot with these bands
with a full draw which is just past my
cheek I'm getting two centimeters of
penetration and domestics gel which is
not good enough so to shoot at 20
millimeters steel ball with these bands
you're not gonna have enough power it's
crap
so these bands Irish in my opinion those
are no good now into the slingshot
itself these bits here didn't you like
help they're really not comfortable to
shoot whatsoever it digs into you
especially when you pull back on the
bands it hurts a lot it makes a nice
indentation in your skin that's short
but um I'm shooting it like this now to
try and stop that but my thumb he rested
here trying this is less than the camp
it still hurts this finger but his
fingers fine now it's how I reckon if I
just move these down see if the moment
it quite square file to smooth these
down more of a rounded edge I'm hoping
they'll get a bit down but hold still I
don't have hope for American it's still
going to dig into me like shit so I'll
do love the design in a shape I myself
have I had a few hundred in bed braids
but now limited it down to about 60
inverts
or spiders scorpions funnel webs all
types of stuff like that so I love
inverse and I love
this design just why I thought it's
quite a great design that this bit here
fucks it for me
disappointing when I receive this great
size not too big not too small fits in
my hand perfectly Forks perfect distance
in my opinion and the height for Tom
that bands go over the top with a good
height it's not too tall and the other
thing these slits here they're too wide
in my opinion like if you want to do a
follow-up shot yes it makes it easy to
attach them but I'll show you mostly do
a follow-up shot clipping pull it back
usually will unhook from here when you
shoot pull it back just comes out too
easily words and the other ones well got
gaps like this not even half the size
gap doesn't have this bit here for this
to hook into just have their hole and
surround it off here now now on that one
when the beans go in and your shoot you
can do a follow-up shot shoot this will
still go more down towards the bottom
over the slit but when you pull it
because the slits are narrow and
actually slides over to slit me goes
back to the top because it's about a one
little slip words in this one's three
millimeters so that's what I like about
the other one the Polar Bear Swim Shop
against this one either just to widen my
opinion you could attach flat-band see
this a few ways I reckon I'll be putting
it through here and then touching it to
here just tying it on here I can even
maybe the bands will give you a look
maybe a little bit more push
if you have fold it around a bit sort of
I'll give you a little bit more cushion
direct from the flat bands butterfly
style shooting will be good through the
butterfly style shooting I use through
band black 20 millimeters taken there
are two ten millimeters two strips on
each side something you're like a six
pound tall so it's not gonna dig into
you too much especially if you have them
band wrap around here to fit to help
cushion this little especially after a
rounded off to but I don't like this gap
here I love the shape and I said I love
the design except for this bin we
rounded off what I've got here I'd be a
lot more happy with it and it's pouch
rabbit is just too weak to pouches too
wide so listen Adrian won't be using
that again I might cut the pouch down
actually hopefully those bands stretch
out enough to give me a little bit more
power but as said I wanted getting two
centimeters of penetration of ballistics
gel there long point five will make
still more it's just none left for me so
overall and give it to say five stars
out of five just because it just fit in
the band set the band set had it been a
nice band set stronger bands small pouch
and if you set it being rounded off I'm
gonna give it eight stars but eight to
ten stars but because it is basically in
the bands is it's not a comfortable
slingshot to hold unfortunately doesn't
look nice it's probably something you'd
still want your collection you just mean
use it often unless as I said you can
cameras off and it might be fine that
would gloves that I'm not too keen on
you little disappointed to be honest
still quite nice looking sling shot
there